Whatever, what do you want to do?
Get out of here with me immediately.
Or I'll put you in jail.
You are crazy, are you crazy?
Now you arrest people for nothing, this is called abuse of power.
You know what?
You arrested me today.
I'm afraid even your position as Quang Lang king can't be kept anymore.
Then I can't just watch you eat.
Let go, you can investigate in other ways.
But you can't keep your mouth shut.
It's your suspicion.
Whether it's a pressure cooker
Even if I give up the position of King Quang Lang
I'll protect you too.
Now is an important time for me not to cross China.
But it's absolutely impossible to do all the work before.
You seem too proud of yourself.
What did you say?
Aren't you just afraid that I'll be with you?
Accept that the mysterious force behind him will overcome you?
It's not that he's sad.
Do you think I will forget the humiliation and shame you caused me?
I'm telling you.
I'll give it back to you a hundredfold.
If the King had nothing else to do.
Please let me go.
My fiancee.
Still waiting for me.